Assumptions:

For the purpose of identifying an author, we will assume a unique unique first and last name combo;
note affiliations may vary for a given user.  This is because for the given dataset it appears for one article
a user may have one affiliation, but for another article she may have a different affiation or affiliations.
Thus if one hashes on affiliation  alone, there will likely be misses.

This is a hard problem, and the solution is to probably generate a corpus for all authors that have all of their
affiliations, and likely use something like a md license number as a key (or something else thats unique, public, and in use).
I would have to study the problem further to divine the proper solution.  

Its pretty clear one could dig really deep on this problem, with the name matching alone.  I took a lot of short cuts;  if I were 
designing a production system, I would seriously consider using SOLR.  It is fast, has very good fuzzy matching and spelling suggestions
and can scale.

I am pretty sure I didnt get all of these right, but its a start and will show you how I write code and think things through.

The basic idea is I want to:
  - use the jackson parser to handle the json
  - use the objects themselves for comparison, thus add a hash method for the entities
  - build something that in theory would handle other data types and sources
  - use java collections as much as possible so it is fast

I wrote a unit test to exercise the routines and output the result set.  If you want to use git, give me your account and I will invite you to the 
repo. I can make it public if you would prefer. 

  - git clone https://github.com/cweisenfluh/zephyr.git

Then run mvn clean compile test

You will see an exception, which I did not swallow because the data is not clean.  As I am sure you are aware.

Anyway, thanks for throwing this my way, and thanks for your consideration.

Warm Regards -

c 


-----Result Set:-----
author: Jatin Shah	pubs: 3
author: Paul Richardson	pubs: 23
author: William Bensinger	pubs: 5
author: Hermann Einsele	pubs: 23
author: Ravi Vij	pubs: 18
author: S Vincent Rajkumar	pubs: 71
author: Sagar Lonial	pubs: 35
author: David Vesole	pubs: 6
author: Heinz Ludwig	pubs: 23
author: María-Victoria Mateos	pubs: 4


A few sanity checks:

radar:data craigweisenfluh$ egrep -i '\"lastName\":\"lonial\",\"firstName\":"sagar"' pubmed_result.json | wc
     35    4677   68679

radar:data craigweisenfluh$ egrep -i '\"lastName\":\"richardson\",\"firstName\":"paul"' pubmed_result.json | wc
     23    1746   33602


